docs(examples): Using twind v1 + fix syntax highlighting in language (#1271)
denoland/fresh: docs/examples/using-twind-v1.md

---
description: |
  With a few tweaks one can use twind v1
---

When you initialize a project with `deno run -A -r https://fresh.deno.dev`,
you'll end up with a `main.ts` like the following:

```ts
/// <reference no-default-lib="true" />
/// <reference lib="dom" />
/// <reference lib="dom.iterable" />
/// <reference lib="dom.asynciterable" />
/// <reference lib="deno.ns" />

import { start } from "$fresh/server.ts";
import manifest from "./fresh.gen.ts";

import twindPlugin from "$fresh/plugins/twind.ts";
import twindConfig from "./twind.config.ts";

await start(manifest, { plugins: [twindPlugin(twindConfig)] });
```

> This is great if you want to use twind v0 but if you wanted to use v1, you're
> out of luck. First, you should change the import path to the new twind plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template generates a Twind v0 project by default. If you want to use Twind v1 you can follow this guide. First of all, change the import path to use the `twindv1` plugin:
```

```ts
/// <reference no-default-lib="true" />
/// <reference lib="dom" />
/// <reference lib="dom.iterable" />
/// <reference lib="dom.asynciterable" />
/// <reference lib="deno.ns" />

import { start } from "$fresh/server.ts";
import manifest from "./fresh.gen.ts";

import twindPlugin from "$fresh/plugins/twindv1.ts";
import twindConfig from "./twind.config.ts";

await start(manifest, { plugins: [twindPlugin(twindConfig)] });
```

The twind config object has changed significantly in v1, so we must also go
change `twind.config.ts`. A good base looks like this:

```ts
import { defineConfig } from "https://esm.sh/@twind/core@1.1.3";
import presetTailwind from "https://esm.sh/@twind/preset-tailwind@1.1.4";
import presetAutoprefix from "https://esm.sh/@twind/preset-autoprefix@1.0.7";

export default {
  ...defineConfig({
    presets: [presetTailwind(), presetAutoprefix()],
  }),
  selfURL: import.meta.url,
};
```

> to see what other presets exist, you can go to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see what other presets exist, you can go to the
```
